Libraries to Install:
requests

Installation: pip install requests
Purpose: Used to send HTTP requests to fetch web pages.
beautifulsoup4 (bs4)

Installation: pip install beautifulsoup4
Purpose: Used for parsing HTML and navigating through the HTML content of web pages.
pandas

Installation: pip install pandas
Purpose: Provides data structures and data analysis tools. Used here to manipulate data and export it to Excel.
xlsxwriter

Installation: pip install XlsxWriter
Purpose: A Python module for creating Excel files. Used with Pandas' ExcelWriter to export data to Excel.
Explanation of Script Parts:
Base URL and State Codes

Purpose: Defines the base URL for fetching state-wise party results and lists state codes and names.
fetch_statewise_party_results Function

Purpose: Fetches and processes party-wise results for each state.
Steps:
Constructs the URL using the state code.
Sends an HTTP GET request to fetch the webpage.
Parses the HTML using BeautifulSoup.
Extracts party-wise results from the HTML table.
Determines which party won the most seats in the state.
Data Aggregation

Purpose: Aggregates total wins per party across all states and collects state-wise results.
Steps:
Uses a defaultdict to accumulate wins for each party across states.
Stores state-wise results in a list of dictionaries (state_wise_results).
Excel Export

Purpose: Outputs the aggregated data into an Excel file (election_results_analysis.xlsx).
Steps:
Creates an Excel writer using pd.ExcelWriter.
Writes total wins data to a sheet named 'Total Wins'.
Writes state-wise results to individual sheets named after each state (truncating names to fit Excel's sheet name limits).
Print Statements

Purpose: Provides console feedback on the progress and results of fetching and processing data.
Outputs:
Prints the total wins DataFrame sorted by total wins.
Displays which party won the most seats in each state.
Notes:
Ensure that all libraries (requests, beautifulsoup4, pandas, XlsxWriter) are installed before running the script.
Adjustments may be needed for specific HTML structures or data formats depending on updates to the Election Commission of India's website.
The script focuses on fetching and exporting data. Further analysis or visualization (like pie charts) can be added based on the exported Excel data using tools like Pandas and Matplotlib as required.
This setup allows for robust data retrieval, aggregation, and export, suitable for detailed analysis or reporting of election results from the specified website.